{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Tms Rmn;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Helv;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Helvetica;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1503;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\up6\f0\fs16 #  \b\f1\fs24 AndyCAD Help Index\up0\fs20\par
\b0\f2\par
\b\f1 How To ...\par
\b0\tab <<add your application-specific "how to" topics here>>\ulw\f2\par
\par
\ulnone\b\f1 Commands\par
\b0\tab\uldb File menu\ulnone\v menu_file\v0\par
\tab\uldb Edit menu\ulnone\v menu_edit\uldb\v0\par
\ulnone\tab\uldb Record menu\ulnone\v menu_record\v0\par
\tab\uldb View menu\ulnone\v menu_view\v0\par
\tab\uldb Window menu\ulnone\v menu_window\v0\par
\tab\uldb Help menu\ulnone\v menu_help\v0\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #K\up0\f1\fs20  \up6\f0\fs16 $\up0\f1\fs20  \b File menu commands\b0\par
\par
The File menu offers the following commands:\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1302\cellx8622\pard\intbl\uldb New\ulnone\v HID_FILE_NEW\v0\cell Creates a new document.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1302\cellx8622\pard\intbl\uldb Open\ulnone\v HID_FILE_OPEN\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Opens an existing document.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1302\cellx8622\pard\intbl\uldb Close\ulnone\v HID_FILE_CLOSE\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Closes an opened document.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1302\cellx8622\pard\intbl\uldb Save\ulnone\v HID_FILE_SAVE\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Saves an opened document using the same file name.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1302\cellx8622\pard\intbl\uldb Save As\ulnone\v HID_FILE_SAVE_AS\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Saves an opened document to a specified file name.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1302\cellx8622\pard\intbl\uldb Print\ulnone\v HID_FILE_PRINT\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Prints a document.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1302\cellx8622\pard\intbl\uldb Print Preview\ulnone\v HID_FILE_PRINT_PREVIEW\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Displays the document on the screen as it would appear printed.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1302\cellx8622\pard\intbl\uldb Print Setup\ulnone\v HID_FILE_PRINT_SETUP\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Selects a printer and printer connection.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1302\cellx8622\pard\intbl\uldb Send...\ulnone\v HID_FILE_SEND_MAIL\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Sends the active document through electronic mail.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1302\cellx8622\pard\intbl\uldb Exit\ulnone\v HID_APP_EXIT\v0\tab\par
\uldb\cell\ulnone Exits AndyCAD.\cell\row\pard\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Edit menu commands\b0\par
\par
The Edit menu offers the following commands:\par
\pard\fi-720\li720\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1497\cellx10212\pard\intbl\uldb Undo\ulnone\v HID_EDIT_UNDO\v0\cell Reverse previous editing operation.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1497\cellx10212\pard\intbl\uldb Cut\ulnone\v HID_EDIT_CUT\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Deletes data from the document and moves it to the clipboard.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1497\cellx10212\pard\intbl\uldb Copy\ulnone\v HID_EDIT_COPY\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Copies data from the document to the clipboard.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1497\cellx10212\pard\intbl\uldb Paste\ulnone\v HID_EDIT_PASTE\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Pastes data from the clipboard into the document.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1497\cellx10212\pard\intbl\uldb Paste Link\ulnone\v HID_EDIT_PASTE_LINK\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Pastes from the clipboard a link to data in another application.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1497\cellx10212\pard\intbl\uldb Insert New Object\v HID_OLE_INSERT_NEW\v0\cell\ulnone Inserts and embeds an object, such as a chart or an equation in a document.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1497\cellx10212\pard\intbl\uldb Links\ulnone\v HID_OLE_EDIT_LINKS\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone List and edit links to embedded documents.\cell\row\pard\fi-720\li720\par
\pard\tab\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 View menu commands\b0\par
\par
The View menu offers the following commands:\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1272\cellx7452\pard\intbl\uldb Toolbar\ulnone\v HID_VIEW_TOOLBAR\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Shows or hides the toolbar.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1272\cellx7452\pard\intbl\uldb Status Bar\ulnone\v HID_VIEW_STATUS_BAR\uldb\v0\cell\pard\intbl\fi-720\li720\ulnone Shows or hides the status bar.\par
\pard\intbl\cell\row\pard\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Window menu commands\b0\par
\par
The Window menu offers the following commands, which enable you to arrange multiple views of multiple documents in the application window:\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1572\cellx7752\pard\intbl\uldb New Window\ulnone\v HID_WINDOW_NEW\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Creates a new window that views the same document.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1572\cellx7752\pard\intbl\uldb Cascade\ulnone\v HID_WINDOW_CASCADE\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Arranges windows in an overlapped fashion.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1572\cellx7752\pard\intbl\uldb Tile\ulnone\v HID_WINDOW_TILE\uldb\v0\cell\ulnone Arranges windows in non-overlapped tiles.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1572\cellx7752\pard\intbl\uldb Arrange Icons\ulnone\v HID_WINDOW_ARRANGE\uldb\v0\cell\pard\intbl\fi-720\li720\ulnone Arranges icons of closed windows.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1572\cellx7752\pard\intbl\uldb Split\ulnone\v HID_WINDOW_SPLIT\uldb\v0\cell\pard\intbl\fi-720\li720\ulnone Split the active window into panes.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1572\cellx7752\pard\intbl\uldb Window 1, 2, ...\ulnone\v HID_WINDOW_ALL\uldb\v0\cell\pard\intbl\fi-720\li720\ulnone Goes to specified window.\cell\row\pard\fi-720\li720\par
\pard\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Help menu commands\b0\par
\par
The Help menu offers the following commands, which provide you assistance with this application: \par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1077\cellx7257\pard\intbl\uldb Help Topics\ulnone\v HID_HELP_INDEX\uldb\v0\cell\pard\intbl\fi-720\li720\ulnone Offers you an index to topics on which you can get help.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1077\cellx7257\pard\intbl\uldb About\ulnone\v HID_APP_ABOUT\uldb\v0\cell\pard\intbl\fi-720\li720\ulnone Displays the version number of this application.\cell\row\pard\fi-720\li720\par
\par
\pard\page\up6\f0\fs16 #K\up0\f1\fs20  \up6\f0\fs16 $\up0\f1\fs20  \b New command (File menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to create a new document in AndyCAD.  Select the type of new file you want to create in the \uldb File New dialog box\ulnone\v\f0 AFX_HIDD_NEWTYPEDLG\v0 .  \f1 << Remove previous sentence if your application supports only one document type. >>\par
\par
You can open an existing document with the \uldb Open command\ulnone\v\f0 HID_FILE_OPEN\v0\f1 .\par
\par
\b Shortcuts\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Toolbar:\tab\{bmc filenew.bmp\}\par
Keys:\tab CTRL+N\par
\pard\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 File New dialog box\par
\b0\par
<< Delete this help topic if your application supports only one document type. >>\par
\par
Specify the type of document you wish to create:\par
<< List your application's document types here >>\page\up6\f0\fs16 #K\up0\f1\fs20  \up6\f0\fs16 $\up0\f1\fs20  \b Open command (File menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to open an existing document in a new window.  You can open multiple documents at once.  Use the Window menu to switch among the multiple open documents.  See \uldb Window 1, 2, ... command\ulnone\v HID_WINDOW_ALL\v0 .\par
\par
You can create new documents with the \uldb New command\ulnone\v\f0 HID_FILE_NEW\v0\f1 .\par
\par
\b Shortcuts\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Toolbar:\tab\{bmc fileopen.bmp\}\par
Keys:\tab CTRL+O\par
\pard\li360\par
\pard\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 File Open dialog box\par
\b0\par
The following options allow you to specify which file to open:\par
\pard\sb60\b File Name\par
\pard\li360\b0 Type or select the filename you want to open.  This box lists files with the extension you select in the List Files of Type box. \par
\pard\sb60\b List Files of Type\par
\pard\li360\b0 Select the type of file you want to open:\par
<< List your application's file types here. >>\par
\pard\sb60\b Drives\par
\pard\li360\b0 Select the drive in which AndyCAD stores the file that you want to open. \par
\pard\sb60\b Directories\par
\pard\li360\b0 Select the directory in which AndyCAD stores the file that you want to open.\par
\pard\sb60\b Network...\par
\pard\li360\b0 Choose this button to connect to a network location, assigning it a new drive letter. \par
\par
\pard\page\up6\f0\fs16 #K\up0\f1\fs20  \up6\f0\fs16 $\up0\f1\fs20  \b Close command (File menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to close all windows containing the active document.  AndyCAD suggests that you save changes to your document before you close it.  If you close a document without saving, you lose all changes made since the last time you saved it.  Before closing an untitled document, AndyCAD displays the \uldb Save As dialog box\ulnone\v\f0 AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE\v0\f1  and suggests that you name and save the document.\par
\par
You can also close a document by using the Close icon on the document's window, as shown below:\par
\{bml scmenu.bmp\}\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #K\up0\f1\fs20  \up6\f0\fs16 $\up0\f1\fs20  \b Save command (File menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to save the active document to its current name and directory.  When you save a document for the first time, AndyCAD displays the \uldb Save As dialog box\ulnone\v\f0 AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE\v0\f1  so you can name your document.  If you want to change the name and directory of an existing document before you save it, choose the \uldb Save As command\ulnone\v\f0 HID_FILE_SAVE_AS\v0\f1 .\par
\par
\b Shortcuts\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Toolbar:\tab\{bmc filesave.bmp\}\par
Keys:\tab CTRL+S\par
\pard\li360\par
\pard\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #K\up0\f1\fs20  \up6\f0\fs16 $\up0\f1\fs20  \b Save As command (File menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to save and name the active document.  AndyCAD displays the \uldb Save As dialog box\ulnone\v\f0 AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE\v0\f1  so you can name your document.  \par
\par
To save a document with its existing name and directory, use the \uldb Save command\ulnone\v\f0 HID_FILE_SAVE\v0\f1 .\par
\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Send command (File menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to send the active document through electronic mail.  This command presents a mail window with the active document attached to it.  You may then fill out the To: field, Subject: field, etc., and add text to the body of the message if you wish.  When you are finished you may click the "Send" button to send the message.\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 File Save As dialog box\par
\b0\par
The following options allow you to specify the name and location of the file you're about to save:\par
\pard\sb60\b File Name\par
\pard\li360\b0 Type a new filename to save a document with a different name.  AndyCAD adds the extension you specify in the Save File As Type box.\par
\pard\sb60\b Drives\par
\pard\li360\b0 Select the drive in which you want to store the document.\par
\pard\sb60\b Directories\par
\pard\li360\b0 Select the directory in which you want to store the document.\par
\pard\sb60\b Network...\par
\pard\li360\b0 Choose this button to connect to a network location, assigning it a new drive letter. \par
\par
\pard << Add other File Save As dialog box options depending on which ones your application chooses via the OFN_ flags of the OPENFILENAME structure used by the CFileDialog. >>\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\up0\f1\fs20  \up6\f0\fs16 K\up0\f1\fs20  \up6\f0\fs16 $\up0\f1\fs20  \b 1, 2, 3, 4 command (File menu)\b0\par
\par
Use the numbers and filenames listed at the bottom of the File menu to open the last four documents you closed.  Choose the number that corresponds with the document you want to open.\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #K\up0\f1\fs20  \up6\f0\fs16 $\up0\f1\fs20  \b Exit command (File menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to end your AndyCAD session.  You can also use the Close command on the application Control menu.  AndyCAD prompts you to save documents with unsaved changes.\par
\f0\par
\b\f1 Shortcuts\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Mouse:\tab Double-click the application's Control menu button.\par
\tab\{bmc appexit.bmp\}\par
Keys:\tab ALT+F4\par
\pard\f0\page\up6\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Undo/Can't Undo command (Edit menu)\b0\par
\par
<< Your application's user interface for Undo may differ from the one described below.  Modify this help text accordingly. >>\par
\par
Use this command to reverse the last editing action, if possible.   The name of the command changes, depending on what the last action was.  The Undo command changes to Can't Undo on the menu if you cannot reverse your last action.\par
\par
\b Shortcuts\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Toolbar:\tab\{bmc editundo.bmp\}\par
Keys:\tab CTRL+Z or\par
\tab ALT-BACKSPACE\tab\par
\pard\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Redo command (Edit menu)\b0\par
\par
<< Write application-specific help here. >>\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Cut command (Edit menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to remove the currently selected data from the document and put it on the clipboard.  This command is unavailable if there is no data currently selected.\par
\par
Cutting data to the clipboard replaces the contents previously stored there.\par
\par
\b Shortcuts\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Toolbar:\tab\{bmc editcut.bmp\}\par
Keys:\tab CTRL+X\par
\pard\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Copy command (Edit menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to copy selected data onto the clipboard.  This command is unavailable if there is no data currently selected.\par
\par
Copying data to the clipboard replaces the contents previously stored there.\par
\par
\b Shortcuts\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Toolbar:\tab\{bmc editcopy.bmp\}\par
Keys:\tab CTRL+C\par
\pard\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Paste command (Edit menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to insert a copy of the clipboard contents at the insertion point.  This command is unavailable if the clipboard is empty.\par
\par
\b Shortcuts\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Toolbar:\tab\{bmc editpast.bmp\}\par
Keys:\tab CTRL+V\par
\pard\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #K\up0\f1\fs20  \up6\f0\fs16 $\up0\f1\fs20  \b Toolbar command (View menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to display and hide the Toolbar, which includes buttons for some of the most common commands in AndyCAD, such as File Open.  A check mark appears next to the menu item when the Toolbar is displayed.\par
\par
See \uldb Toolbar\ulnone\v AFX_HIDW_TOOLBAR\v0  for help on using the toolbar.\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #K\up0\f1\fs20  \up6\f0\fs16 $\up0\f1\fs20  \b Toolbar\b0\par
\{bml hlptbar.bmp\}\par
\par
The toolbar is displayed across the top of the application window, below the menu bar.  The toolbar provides quick mouse access to many tools used in AndyCAD,\par
\par
To hide or display the Toolbar, choose Toolbar from the View menu (ALT, V, T).\par
\par
<< Add or remove toolbar buttons from the list below according to which ones your application offers. >>\par
\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1080\b Click\tab To\b0\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1080\tx1080\{bmc filenew.bmp\}\tab Open a new document.\par
\par
\{bmc fileopen.bmp\}\tab Open an existing document.  AndyCAD displays the Open dialog box, in which you can locate and open the desired file.\par
\par
\{bmc filesave.bmp\}\tab Save the active document or template with its current name.  If you have not named the document, AndyCAD displays the Save As dialog box.\par
\par
\{bmc fileprnt.bmp\}\tab Print the active document.\par
\par
\{bmc editcut.bmp\}\tab Remove selected data from the document and stores it on the clipboard.\par
\par
\{bmc editcopy.bmp\}\tab Copy the selection to the clipboard.\par
\par
\{bmc editpast.bmp\}\tab Insert the contents of the clipboard at the insertion point.\par
\par
\{bmc editundo.bmp\}\tab Reverse the last editing.  Note:  You cannot undo some actions.\par
\par
\{bmc recfirst.bmp\}\tab Go to the first record in the current selection.\par
\par
\{bmc recprev.bmp\}\tab Go to the previous record in the current selection.\par
\par
\{bmc recnext.bmp\}\tab Go to the next record in the current selection.\par
\par
\{bmc reclast.bmp\}\tab Go to the last record in the current selection.\par
\par
\pard\page\up6\f0\fs16 #K\up0\f1\fs20  \up6\f0\fs16 $\b\up0\f1\fs20 Status Bar command (View menu)\par
\b0\par
Use this command to display and hide the Status Bar, which describes the action to be executed by the selected menu item or depressed toolbar button, and keyboard latch state. A check mark appears next to the menu item when the Status Bar is displayed.\par
\par
See \uldb Status Bar\ulnone\v AFX_HIDW_STATUS_BAR\v0  for help on using the status bar.\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #K\up0\f1\fs20  \up6\f0\fs16 $\b\up0\f1\fs20 Status Bar\b0\par
\{bml hlpsbar.bmp\}\par
\par
The status bar is displayed at the bottom of the AndyCAD window.  To display or hide the status bar, use the Status Bar command in the View menu.\par
\par
The left area of the status bar describes actions of menu items as you use the arrow keys to navigate through menus.  This area similarly shows messages that describe the actions of toolbar buttons as you depress them, before releasing them.  If after viewing the description of the toolbar button command you wish not to execute the command, then release the mouse button while the pointer is off the toolbar button.\par
\par
The right areas of the status bar indicate which of the following keys are latched down:\par
\par
\pard\tx1440\b Indicator\tab Description\b0\par
\pard\fi-1440\li1440\sa120\tx1440 CAP\tab The Caps Lock key is latched down.\par
NUM\tab The Num Lock key is latched down.\par
SCRL\tab The Scroll Lock key is latched down.\par
\pard\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 New command (Window menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to open a new window with the same contents as the active window.  You can open multiple document windows to display different parts or views of a document at the same time.  If you change the contents in one window, all other windows containing the same document reflect those changes.  When you open a new window, it becomes the active window and is displayed on top of all other open windows.\par
\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Cascade command (Window menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows in an overlapped fashion. \par
\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Tile command (Window menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows in a non-overlapped fashion.\par
\par
\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Tile Horizontal command (Window menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to vertically arrange multiple opened windows in a non-overlapped fashion.\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Tile Vertical command (Window menu)\b0\par
\par
Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows side by side.\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Window Arrange Icons Command\b0\par
\par
Use this command to arrange the icons for minimized windows at the bottom of the main window.  If there is an open document window at the bottom of the main window, then some or all of the icons may not be visible because they will be underneath this document window.\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Split Command (Window menu)\par
\par
\b0 Use this command to split the active window into panes.  You may then use the mouse or the keyboard arrows to move the splitter bars.  When you are finished, press the mouse button or enter to leave the splitter bars in their new location.  Pressing escape keeps the splitter bars in their original location.  << In a single document interface application, this command will appear on the View menu. >>\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 1, 2, ... command (Window menu)\b0\par
\par
AndyCAD displays a list of currently open document windows at the bottom of the Window menu.  A check mark appears in front of the document name of the active window.  Choose a document from this list to make its window active.  \par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Index command (Help menu)\par
\b0\par
Use this command to display the opening screen of Help.  From the opening screen, you can jump to step-by-step instructions for using AndyCAD and various types of reference information.  \par
\par
Once you open Help, you can click the Contents button whenever you want to return to the opening screen.\par
\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Using Help command (Help menu)\par
\b0\par
Use this command for instructions about using Help.\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 About command (Help menu)\par
\b0\par
Use this command to display the copyright notice and version number of your copy of AndyCAD.\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #$\b\up0\f1\fs20 Context Help command \par
\b0\{bml curhelp.bmp\}\par
\par
Use the Context Help command to obtain help on some portion of AndyCAD.  When you choose the Toolbar's Context Help button, the mouse pointer will change to an arrow and question mark.  Then click somewhere in the AndyCAD window, such as another Toolbar button.  The Help topic will be shown for the item you clicked.\par
\par
\b Shortcut\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Keys:\tab SHIFT+F1\par
\pard\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Title Bar\b0\f0\par
\par
\f1 << Show your application's title bar here. >>\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360 The title bar is located along the top of a window.  It contains the name of the application and document.\par
\pard\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360 To move the window, drag the title bar.  Note: You can also move dialog boxes by dragging their title bars.\par
\pard\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360 A title bar may contain the following elements:\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb40\sa40\tx360\{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Application Control-menu button\par
\{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Document Control-menu button\par
\{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Maximize button\par
\{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Minimize button\par
\{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Name of the application\par
\{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Name of the document\par
\{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Restore button\par
\pard\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\up0\f1\fs20  \b Scroll bars\b0\par
\par
Displayed at the right and bottom edges of the document window.  The scroll boxes inside the scroll bars indicate your vertical and horizontal location in the document.  You can use the mouse to scroll to other parts of the document.\par
\par
<< Describe the actions of the various parts of the scrollbar, according to how they behave in your application. >>\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Size command (System menu)\b0\f0\par
\par
\f1 Use this command to display a four-headed arrow so you can size the active window with the arrow keys.\par
\{bml curarw4.bmp\}\par
\par
After the pointer changes to the four-headed arrow:\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb60 1.\tab Press one of the DIRECTION keys (left, right, up, or down arrow key) to move the pointer to the border you want to move.  \par
2.\tab Press a DIRECTION key to move the border.\par
3.\tab Press ENTER when the window is the size you want.\par
\pard\par
Note:  This command is unavailable if you maximize the window.\par
\f0\par
\b\f1 Shortcut\f0\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0\f1 Mouse:\tab Drag the size bars at the corners or edges of the window.\par
\pard\li360\par
\pard\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Move command (Control menu)\par
\b0\par
Use this command to display a four-headed arrow so you can move the active window or dialog box with the arrow keys.\par
\{bmc curarw4.bmp\}\par
\par
Note:  This command is unavailable if you maximize the window.\par
\par
\b Shortcut\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Keys:\tab CTRL+F7\par
\par
\pard\tx1440\page\up6\f0\fs16 #$\b\up0\f1\fs20 Minimize command (application Control menu)\par
\pard\b0\par
Use this command to reduce the AndyCAD window to an icon.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\b\f0\par
\f1 Shortcut\b0\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440 Mouse:\tab Click the minimize icon \{bmc scmin.bmp\} on the title bar.\par
Keys:\tab ALT+F9\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\f0\par
\pard\f1\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Maximize command (System menu)\par
\b0\par
Use this command to enlarge the active window to fill the available space.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\b\par
Shortcut\b0\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440 Mouse:\tab Click the maximize icon \{bmc scmax.bmp\} on the title bar; or double-click the title bar.\par
Keys:\tab CTRL+F10 enlarges a document window.\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\f0\par
\pard\f1\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Next Window command (document Control menu)\par
\b0\par
Use this command to switch to the next open document window.  AndyCAD determines which window is next according to the order in which you opened the windows.\par
\par
\b Shortcut\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Keys:\tab CTRL+F6\par
\pard\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Previous Window command (document Control menu)\par
\b0\par
Use this command to switch to the previous open document window.  AndyCAD determines which window is previous according to the order in which you opened the windows.\par
\par
\b Shortcut\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Keys:\tab SHIFT+CTRL+F6\par
\pard\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Close command (Control menus)\par
\b0\par
Use this command to close the active window or dialog box.\par
\par
Double-clicking a Control-menu box is the same as choosing the Close command.\par
\{bml appexit.bmp\}\par
\par
Note:  If you have multiple windows open for a single document, the Close command on the document Control menu closes only one window at a time.  You can close all windows at once with the Close command on the File menu.\par
\par
\b Shortcuts\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Keys: \tab CTRL+F4 closes a document window\par
\tab ALT+F4 closes the <<YourType>> window or dialog box\par
\pard\tab\tab\tab\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Restore command (Control menu)\par
\b0\par
Use this command to return the active window to its size and position before you chose the Maximize or Minimize command.\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Switch to command (application Control menu)\par
\b0\par
Use this command to display a list of all open applications.  Use this "Task List" to switch to or close an application on the list.\par
\par
\b Shortcut\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Keys:\tab CTRL+ESC\par
\pard\par
\b Dialog Box Options\par
\b0 When you choose the Switch To command, you will be presented with a dialog box with the following options:\par
\pard\sb60\b Task List\par
\pard\li360\b0 Select the application you want to switch to or close.\par
\pard\sb60\b Switch To\par
\pard\li360\b0 Makes the selected application active.\par
\pard\sb60\b End Task\par
\pard\li360\b0 Closes the selected application.\par
\pard\sb60\b Cancel\par
\pard\li360\b0 Closes the Task List box.\par
\pard\sb60\b Cascade\par
\pard\li360\b0 Arranges open applications so they overlap and you can see each title bar.  This option does not affect applications reduced to icons.\par
\pard\sb60\b Tile\par
\pard\li360\b0 Arranges open applications into windows that do not overlap.  This option does not affect applications reduced to icons.\par
\pard\sb60\b Arrange Icons\par
\pard\li360\b0 Arranges the icons of all minimized applications across the bottom of the screen.\par
\pard\page\up6\f0\fs16 #$\b\up0\f1\fs20 Ruler command (View menu)\par
\par
\b0 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #$\b\up0\f1\fs20 Choose Font dialog box\par
\par
\b0 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #$\b\up0\f1\fs20 Choose Color dialog box\par
\par
\b0 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #$\b\up0\f1\fs20 Find command (Edit menu)\par
\par
\b0 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #$\b\up0\f1\fs20 Find dialog box\par
\par
\b0 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #$\b\up0\f1\fs20 Replace command (Edit menu)\par
\par
\b0 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #$\b\up0\f1\fs20 Replace dialog box\par
\par
\b0 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #$\b\up0\f1\fs20 Repeat command (Edit menu)\par
\par
\b0 Use this command to repeat the last editing command carried out.  The Repeat menu item changes to Can't Repeat if you cannot repeat your last action.\par
\par
\b Shortcut\par
\pard\fi-1080\li1440\tx1440\b0 Key:\tab F4\par
\pard\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #$\b\up0\f1\fs20 Clear command (Edit menu)\par
\par
\b0 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #$\b\up0\f1\fs20 Clear All command (Edit menu)\par
\par
\b0 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #$\b\up0\f1\fs20 Next Pane\par
\par
\b0 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #$\b\up0\f1\fs20 Prev Pane\par
\par
\b0 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 Modifying the Document\par
\b0\par
<< Write application-specific help here that provides an overview of how the user should modify a document using your application.>>\par
\par
\page\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\b\up0\f1\fs20 No Help Available\b0\f0\par
\par
\f1 No help is available for this area of the window.\par
\page\up6\f0\fs16 #\up0\f1\fs20  \b No Help Available\par
\b0\f0\par
\f1 No help is available for this message box.\par
\f0\par
\f1 << If you wish to author help specific to each message box prompt, then remove the AFX_HIDP_xxx values from the [ALIAS] section of your .HPJ file, and author a topic for each AFX_HIDP_xxx value.  For example, AFX_HIDP_INVALID_FILENAME is the help topic for the Invalid Filename message box. >>\par
\par
\f0\par
}
 